Lost in Transition
##################
:date: 2011-08-02 10:01
:author: azuwish
:tags: life, travel
:category: Blog
:slug: lost-in-transition
:status: published
:attachments: 2011/08/untitled.jpg, 2011/08/114257295.jpg

.. raw:: html

   <div dir="ltr" style="text-align:left;">

.. raw:: html

   <div class="gmail_quote">

.. raw:: html

   <div dir="ltr">

.. raw:: html

   <div class="gmail_quote">

.. raw:: html

   <div class="im">

.. raw:: html

   <div
   style="border-bottom:medium none;border-left:medium none;border-right:medium none;border-top:medium none;">

.. raw:: html

   <div
   style="border-bottom:medium none;border-left:medium none;border-right:medium none;border-top:medium none;">

I dreamt of the blue skies. And in pursuit of another beautiful dream, I
flew over the cotton-like clouds... my first flight. A warm evening in
June. Haze covered the Delhi skies, as the flight descends to the land
of promises. What was to follow, were days filled with awe, and silly
incidents.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div class="separator"
   style="border-bottom:medium none;border-left:medium none;border-right:medium none;border-top:medium none;clear:both;text-align:center;">

|image0|

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div dir="ltr"
   style="border-bottom:medium none;border-left:medium none;border-right:medium none;border-top:medium none;">

.. raw:: html

   <div class="im">

.. raw:: html

   <div style="text-align:center;">

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div
   style="border-bottom:medium none;border-left:medium none;border-right:medium none;border-top:medium none;">

.. raw:: html

   <div
   style="border-bottom:medium none;border-left:medium none;border-right:medium none;border-top:medium none;">

|image1|\ And then in an old Ambassador cab, I was on the way to
Gurgaon. Gurgaon, the place where the desert was turned into a fertile
land, for concrete monsters to grow and reach for the sky. Endless
stretches of residential colonies, with high tension electric lines hung
as garlands. Many a family, from different roots, must have found home
in these blocks.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div
   style="border-bottom:medium none;border-left:medium none;border-right:medium none;border-top:medium none;">

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   <div
   style="border-bottom:medium none;border-left:medium none;border-right:medium none;border-top:medium none;">

.. raw:: html

   <div>

The next morning, there were seven of us, and we set out in a "`share
auto <https://goo.gl/quKA8>`__". The way that little vehicle transports a
truck-load of people, was insane yet comfortable. I doubt if I will see
it anywhere else. Bargaining for a hired auto is a pain in the neck.
"Kitna denge?" asked the auto-driver. Trying to play hard my friend
said, "Pachaas!" The obviously unsatisfied driver blurted, "Pachaas mein
nahi chalega. Kahaan se aaye ho?!" Innocently he replied, "Ghar se."

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div class="im">

The cars that roamed the streets were tattooed with dents. Back home,
people attended to their cars, more often than they were worried of
their own health. Any small scratch was a huge eyesore. Down the road,
BMWs and Audis flooded the traffic junctions; while outside in the
boiling heat we saw hungry young children. They were hanging on to their
dear lives by selling some 5 rupees worth photos of Gods.
Anyhow, we went on with our journey in the Metro, the lifeline of the
NCR. Its clean, cold stainless steel frames, are definitely a relief in
the madness that makes the city what it is. The historical monuments
which dotted the Delhi landscape were a grim reminder how old this city
really is. And that picture is different from the Delhi of malls,
condos, and spendthrift lifestlye.

.. raw:: html

   <div style="text-align:left;">

Of all the places I have been, an unforgettable memory was that of
Chandni Chowk. However shabby and old the place looks, somewhere in its
dark corners is where the real Delhi, the city of equality, still
survives.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   <div style="text-align:center;">

|Chandni%20Chowk(1).jpg|\ |tour-india-insights-chandni-chowk-delhi.jpg|   

.. raw:: html

   </div>

Courtesy: Vishnu K.V.

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. raw:: html

   </div>

.. |image0| image:: https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-JcsN3-1iboo/TjfKh76p8KI/AAAAAAAAAN0/PtSkRmAmiuw/s320/untitled.bmp
   :width: 320px
   :height: 208px
   :target: https://bigfatpage.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/untitled.jpg
.. |image1| image:: https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-dOWCvFx9nIs/TjfN1GjgEEI/AAAAAAAAAOE/Qeg_lC1054A/s200/114257295.jpg
   :width: 200px
   :height: 133px
   :target: https://bigfatpage.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/114257295.jpg
.. |Chandni%20Chowk(1).jpg| image:: https://www.grotal.com/CityImages/Chandni%20Chowk(1).jpg
   :width: 200px
   :height: 133px
.. |tour-india-insights-chandni-chowk-delhi.jpg| image:: https://www.filmapia.com/sites/default/files/filmapia/pub/place/tour-india-insights-chandni-chowk-delhi.jpg
   :width: 200px
   :height: 132px
